User stories from product backlog that we will address in this Sprint
a) As a user, I want to read the documentation of a user requested feature and
the respective implementations and uses for a specific command line.
b) As a user, I want to be able to create a single or several directories with
separate names relative to the current directory in one single input.
c) As a user, I want to know all the parent directories of my current working
directory.
d) As a user, I want to have a file, which only contains the string type I enter
through standard input.
e) As a functional user of the program, I want to append the input string at the
end of my indicated file.
f) As a user, I want to be able to see all of the contents (files and directories)
relative to the current directory or when inputting a directory path
g) As a user, I may also want to be able to check whether a directory exists or not
by calling a command to see if an error is raised
h) As a user, I want to be able to view the contents of a single or several files
directly in the shell when given the location of the file(s)
i) As a user, I want to be able to obtain the name of the current directory I am
operating within.
j) As a user, if I add a new directory to the repository and switch into that as
my current working directory, I must have the ability to switch back into the
directory I was just in prior to the addition of a new directory.
k )As a user, I want to be able to be able to change directories freely. I want
to be able to move anywhere respective to my current directory or the path I
am currently located in.
l) As a user I can go back into my previous directory without having to type in the
path so as to make moving around directories easier and faster.
m) As a user, I want to be able to add a new directory to the repository and make
that new directory the one I am currently working in.

Specific tasks to be completed:
a-1. (Manual) Start and possibly complete Manual class along with MAN command.
b-1. (Directory) Write code for Mkdir command as a method in Directories class
c-1. (Directory) Write code for pwd comand as a method in Directories class
d-1. (File) Write code for echo command in File class that overwrites file.
d-2. (FIle) Write basic code for File constructor
e-1. (File) Write code in File class that allows user append new String to file.
f-1. (File) Write code for the ls command that displays file contents to Shell.
g-1. (Directory) Write code for an Exception class to be raised when a specified
directory or File doesnt exist.
h-1. (File) Write code for the Cat command in the File class
i-1. (Shell) Write code to always display the current directory name in the Shell
i-2. (Shell) Write code that calls on other methods from other classes in Shell
according to commands entered by user
j-1. (Directory) Write code for the popd command as a method in Directory.
k-1. (Directory) Write code for the Cd command as a method in Directory.
l-1. (Directory) Write code that allows ".." to be passed in as a parameter for Cd
m-1. (Directory) Write code for pushd command as a method in Directory


The tasks are assigned as follows:
User1: Jason Ku
Tasks: a-1, h-1, i-1, i-2

User2: Olivia Zhang
Tasks: d-2, c-1, f-1, g-1

User3: Radu Laudat
Tasks: d-1, e-1, b-1, m-1

User4: Osarumwense Ize-Iyamu
Tasks: b-1, k-1, l-1, j-1