User Stories we will implement in this Sprint

a) As a user I want to be able to execute a previously entered command.
b) As a user I want to be able to move a file from its current location to a
different file location, or directory.
c) As a user I want to be able to move a directory from its current location to
a different directory.
d) As a user I want to be able to copy a directory with all the files inside to
a new directory
e) As a user I want to be able to copy a file from one directory to the other
directory.
f) As a user I want to be able to read the files from any directory that I want
g) As a user I want to be able to print lines in files that contain a certain
REGEX that I provide along with a certain PATH.
h) As a user I want to be able to print lines from a given path that contain a
REGEX that I provide along with the directory location printed followed by the
file name, then a colon, and the line itself.
i) As a user, I want to be able to input a path and be given the entire contents
of that path, regardless of whether singular path sections represent files or
directories.
j) As a user, I want to be able to list the contents of my current working
directory.
k) As a user, I would like to be able to know all the subdirectories of my
current working directory.
l) As a user I would like to be able to redirect all output to a file.


Specific tasks:
a-1. (!number) Finish code to enable the command execute the previous command
b-1. (Mv) Start design for the mv class.
b-2. (Mv) Start basic code for the structure of the class.
c-1. (Mv) Plan and start code to move directories.
d-1. (Cp) Start basic code for the Cp class.
e-1. (Cp) Implement code that copies files.
f-1. (Ls) Start code to print contents of every directory or file present in a given path
g-1. (Grep) design the Grep command class.
g-2. (Grep) Start writing code for the Grep command class.
h-1. (Grep) Write code in Grep to show the file name along with the line of the
file that contains the REGEX.
i-1. (Ls) Plan how to make ls recursive and start writing basic code for this functionality.
i-2. (Ls) Write code to list contents of user's current working directory
k-1. (Ls) Write code to show all subdirectories of a given directory
l-1) Enable commands save output to files.
m-1) Test all commands thoroughly to ensure they work properly


The tasks are assigned as follows:
User1: Jason Ku
Tasks: a-1 f-1, k-1, i-1, l-1, m-1

User2: Olivia Zhang
Tasks: b-1, b-2, c-1, d-1, l-1, m-1.

User3: Radu Laudat
Tasks: l-1, m-1.

User4: Osarumwense Ize-Iyamu 
Taks: g-1, g-2, h-1, l-1, m-1.
