User Stories we will implement in this Sprint

a) As a user I want to be able to execute a previously entered command.
b) As a user I want to be able to move a file from its current location to a
different file location, or directory.
c) As a user I want to be able to move a directory from its current location to
a different directory.
d) As a user I want to be able to copy a directory with all the files inside to
a new directory
e) As a user I want to be able to copy a file from one directory to the other
directory.
f) As a user I want to be able to read the files from any directory that I want
g) As a user I want to be able to print lines in files that contain a certain
REGEX that I provide along with a certain PATH.
h) As a user I want to be able to print lines from a given path that contain a
REGEX that I provide along with the directory location printed followed by the
file name, then a colon, and the line itself.
e) As a user, I want to be able to add the contents of a file found at a given
URL web address to my working directory.
f) As a user, I want to be able to input a path and be given the entire contents
of that path, regardless of whether singular path sections represent files or
directories.
g) As a user, I want to be able to list the contents of my current working
directory.
h) As a user, I would like to be able to know all the subdirectories of my
current working directory.
i) As a user,I want to be able to view the contents of a single or several files
directly in the shell when given the location of the file(s)

Specific tasks:
a-1. (CRC) Update CRC cards to have a card for the !number class
a-2. (!number) Plan implementation for the !number command class
a-3. (!number) Start on basic code for the !number class
b-1. (CRC) Add CRC card for the Mv class.
b-2. (Mv) Start design for the mv class.
b-3. (Mv) Start basic code for the structure of the class.
c-1. (Mv) Plan and start code to move directories.
d-1. (CRC) Update CRC cards to contain a Cp class.
d-2. (Cp) Design layout for the Cp command class
d-3. (Cp) Start basic code for the Cp class.
e-1. (CRC) Update CRC cards to reflect a Curl command class.
e-2. (Curl) Plan the design for command for the Curl command class.
e-3. (Curl) Start base code for the Curl class
f-1. (Ls) Start code to print contents of every directory or file present in a given path
g-1. (CRC) Update CRC cards to contain a Grep class.
g-2. (Grep) design the Grep command class.
g-3. (Grep) Start writing code for the Grep command class.
h-1. (Ls) Plan how to make ls recursive and start writing basic code for this functionality.
i-1. (Cat) Add code in Cat class to allow the Cat command print the contents of several files.

The tasks are assigned as follows:
User1: Jason Ku
Tasks: a-1, a-2, a-3, f-1, h-1.

User2: Olivia Zhang
Tasks: b-1, b-2, b-3, d-1, d-2, d-3.

User3: Radu Laudat
Tasks: e-1, e-2, e-3.

User4: g-1, g-2, g-3, i-1.

