//Sprint 1 Backlog
June 8 - June 13

User Stories from Product Backlog that we will address in this sprint:
a) As a user I can close the program in order to end all operations when I am
finished.
b) As a user, I want to read the documentation of a user requested feature and
the respective implementations and uses for a specific command line.
c) As a user, I want to be able to create a single or several directories with
separate names relative to the current directory in one single input.
d) As a user, I want to know all the parent directories of my current working
directory.
e) As a user I can view all the previous commands I have entered in the order they
were entered, as well as the syntactical errors I've typed. This way I easily
know what commands I have entered, what I have done and in what order.
f) As a user, I want to have a file, which only contains the string type I enter
through standard input.

Specific tasks to be accomplished:
a-1. (Shell) Start and finish coding the exit command of the command line
b-1. (CRC) Update CRC cards to contain a Manuals class.
b-2. (Manuals) Start design of Manuals class.
c-1. (Interpreter) Write basic code for the interpreter class.
d-1. (CRC) Change CRC cards to include a Directory class instead of a Navigator
class and shift some responsibilities from File Manager class o Directory
d-2. (Directory) Write method in Directory class that prints the current
directory's path on the shell when the user asks. Essentially the pwd command.
e-1. (CRC) Update CRC cards to contain a History class.
e-2. (History) Design History class using a list to store all commands the shell
receives from the user
e-3. (History) Start code to implement the History class.
f-1. (CRC) Create CRC card for File class
f-2. (CRC) Update design of other CRC cards to include File class.
f-3. (File) Design file class and start basic implementation of code for it


These tasks are assigned as follows:
User1: Jason Ku
Tasks: a-1, b-2, e-2, e-3

User2: Olivia Zhan
Tasks: b-1, f-2, f-3

User3: Radu Laudat
Tasks:  e-1, f-1, f-3,

User4: Osarumwense Ize-Iyamu
Tasks: c-1, d-1, d-2, e-2